Then I'm coming with you.
If you're going to come with me, it's going to defeat Father's intention.
Alpha, like, cannot be in this fight.
I won't let Kiroland be in any danger.
I swear to be by her sight, always.
There's no need to argue.
Just listen to me.
Then we better get going.
As the new Alpha is finally here,
it's the bloody moon officially declaring war on the hunters.
As the new Alpha, I've come to negotiate with the hunter about the wolf hunter coexistence.
My personal visit here represents a sincerity of our claim.
And you?
I'm here for my mother and my father.
I'm not going to lie.
You do look like your mother and your grandmother.
They tried hard to save you.
I know that.
That's why I'm not going to leave without my parents.
Exactly what your father said.
I'll tell you what.
We have a written rule in the hunter tribe.
If a descendant can defeat the current king, they can become leader of the hunter.
Do you accept this challenge?
Yes, I do.
Permission to fight on your place, my king.
I should have now be aware of how you live.
You are so dead for taking my mother.